Now that we've written a reasonably sophisticated Lambda function
that does something interesting and returns back the result,
let's go ahead and do something even more powerful and
use a library that does a lot of the heavy lifting for us,
and incorporate it inside of a Lambda function.
So what we're going to do is we're going to call a library called Wikipedia,
and what it does is pretty much what you'd expect,
it goes to Wikipedia and grab some information, and returns it back.
Fortunately in Python, that's just a line of code.
So I'm going to go through and make another Lambda function locally.
I'm going to select this Lambda icon here. Here we go.
Create a new function.
We'll call this udacitywikipedia or udacitywiki.
Again, runtime in Python 3.6, go to hello-world-python3.
Next, we'll leave the function trigger just to be a regular function,
and then I'm going to go through and automatically generate the role,
and go ahead and say, ''Finish.''
Now from here, all I have to do is make sure
that library is actually installed formally for me.
So one of the ways to do that is I can look inside of this package here,
and make sure that this requirements file is actually set,
so that this Wikipedia library is installed.
So in this case, I'm going to say Wikipedia,
and I add that to the requirements file.
Then what I can do is I can change into this Udacity project,
this udacitywiki, a Lambda function,
and then make sure that I source the virtual environment that was created for me.
So I'm going to say source venv/bin activate.
Then I can go through here and say pip install -r requirements,
and this will actually install the requirements that are in that file,
inside the virtual environment, there we go.
We can see that Wikipedia was installed.
Now, all I have to do is go to my Lambda function here,
and actually put in my code.
So let's go ahead and open that up.
I already have the code written.
Let's just see what it does.
It's a really simple function.
It uses this Wikipedia library,
and it again has the same type of contract, there's an event.
You can see here this event that gets passed in.
I expect that whoever passes this function in will give me an entity,
and then this entity gets passed into something called Wikipedia summary.
From here, I can either grab one, two, three sentences.
Well, let's go ahead and grab two sentences from
Wikipedia and it'll summarize the entire page for me.
Then the same contract that we talked about before,
this is the important part, is it'll actually return back a 200.
It'll make sure that the message is actually sent back as a JSON payload.
So let's go ahead and try this out.
So I'm going to go ahead and select, first save this,
and then I'm going to select ''Run'' and I'm going to
again select this Lambda local because I want to test it locally,
and then I'm going to go ahead and use this function.
So I'm going to say ''Entity'' and let's see
who's an interesting one to do a webpage on,
let's try Udacity. Here we go.
Let's look at Udacity's webpage here.
I'm going to go ahead and select ''Run'' and we have the result.
It says ''Udacity is a for-profit educational organization founded by
Sebastian Thrun, David Stevens, and Mike Sokolsky,
offering massive open online courses, MOOCs.''
According to Thrun, the origin of the name Udacity comes from
company's desire to be audacious for you, the student.
So pretty cool that we're able to actually use this,
other library packages it up together in this Lambda function,
and build something even more sophisticated.
Like if you wanted to write this Wikipedia code ourselves, it would take a lot of work.
Finally, let's do the same thing we did before.
Let's go to the udacitywiki source code, and we'll deploy it.
There we go. Now, this will actually get deployed back in our AWS ecosystem.
So let's go back again to our Lambda console,
and let's go find that function.
I can see function tab here, again, look at the last modified.
There we go. I see that it's already been deployed.
What's great about this is that, that library is also deployed for us,
and you can see actually it's all included automatically for us.